feat(managers): implement algorithm for peer discovery in SessionManager (#128)
witnet/witnet-rust: docs/architecture/session.md

## API

### Incoming: Others -> Peers Manager

These are the messages supported by the peers manager handlers:

| Message          | Input type            | Output type                       | Description            |
| ---------------- | --------------------- | --------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `GetPeers`       | `()`                  | `()`                              | Empty                  |

#### GetPeers

> The handler of `GetPeers` message is actually empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The handler of `GetPeers` message is currently empty.
// TODO Update documentation when `GetPeers` gets any actual functionality.
```
